[Music]
Kijang this test will show you what job
will pay you the most money they say the
best luck in life is finding what you
enjoy doing and getting paid for it if
you're still undecided about what that
might be
here's a quick test to help you for more
fun videos and personality tests click
the subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to always stay on the
bright side of life you've got 10
questions to answer with 3 options to
choose from you'll learn how many points
you've got after each question so grab a
pen and paper and take note here's
question number 1 you wake up in the
morning and start surfing the net what
kind of content catches your eye a
business and political views I really
care about what's going on in the world
and how it might affect my life and
finances be the latest updates from my
friends and fun memes there's way too
much negativity in this world I only
want to see fun stuff that makes me
smile see fashion travel and workout
tips looking good is what I care about
most
if you chose option a you get 30 points
B is worth 10 points and C is worth 20
points
[Music]
number two which of these groups are you
most likely to join at a party a
wherever the laughter comes from large
groups of people and easy to understand
humor help me relax B I'll stick to
whoever I came with or keep myself
company hmm what am i doing at this
party in the first place
C I'll join a discussion people talking
business or politics is where you'll
find me did you pick option A then you
just got 10 points B gives you 20 points
and C is worth 30
[Music]
number three
imagine you're invited to spend a day
with a camera crew filming a reality
show about your life with Jon rrah
with this reality show be a the office
it would be a mockumentary about my fun
and crazy office environment this is
where I basically live be Project Runway
my life is all about finding my way in
fashion and art see The Bachelor I'm
focused on finding my significant other
and spend quite a lot of time seeing
different people add 30 points to your
score if you went for a 20 points per B
and 10 for C
[Music]
number four you have an extremely
important test to complete by next week
will you a team up with your colleagues
it takes a village after all and I don't
mind sharing the glory if it all works
out well be now try to do it myself and
invite others to join if I see I'm
failing see I'll do it myself by all
means I'm not a team player
and I want to be the only one credited
for this deed option a is worth 10
points B will add 20 points to your
final score and C is a 30 point option
[Music]
number 5 which of the following work or
school moments annoys you the most a
boring meetings where everyone speaks up
they last for hours and rarely come to a
consensus I'd rather spend my time on
something more productive be paperwork I
hate making plans and writing reports it
eats a lot of time see rescheduling
thanks whenever someone asked me to
postpone a meeting or cancel plans it
makes me pretty mad a is worth 30 points
B gives you 20 points and go ahead and
add 10 points to your tally
if you chose option C 6 you have a plane
to catch but get a call from a friend
asking for urgent help will you a cancel
my plans and help my friend I know
they'd do the same for me B try to call
my friend down over the phone and rush
to the airport because I really have to
catch this plane C send my friend of
comforting pizza and head to the airport
I love my friend but I have to think
about myself option a will give you 10
more points B is 30 more and C gives you
[Music]
seven which type of workouts do you
prefer a meditation is the only workout
for me also does lying down and thinking
about life count as a workout B team
sports and running with my friends
whatever is fun and lets me be around
others see the gym
my personal trainer helped me plan a
whole routine and I follow it strictly
because I'm results oriented you know
you get 20 points for option a B is
worth 10 points and C gives you 30
[Music]
number 8 which type of watch do you have
or would like to have a I don't need a
watch time is a stretchable matter so
why follow it be something trendy and
expensive looking a watch is a statement
C an Apple watch or some other
multifunctional gadget I want to use it
to stay online and contact people if you
don't care about time and picked option
a go ahead and add 20 points to your
total for B you'll get 30 points C is
worth 10 points
9 what can you never get enough of a
sleep I'm always busy as I have to work
day and night be communication it's fuel
for my good mood see alone time I'm most
productive in my own company option a is
worth 30 points
B will add 10 points to your score and
you get 20 points if you chose option C
[Music]
question 10 overhearing which of the
following about you would make you the
saddest a he or she is nothing special
they just try to stick out be I don't
think he or she will ever succeed see
you shouldn't trust him or her you get
20 points if you fear being ordinary and
chose option a those who really want to
succeed at everything and went for B get
30 finally if you fear being considered
a bad friend and pick C add 10 points to
your final score time to add it all up
if you got 100 to 160 points you are a
people person and will be most
successful at jobs in the field of
communication you'll be a great
professor corporate coach PR manager
public speaker or government official
you love to be around people and the
feeling is mutual you know how to
inspire others and be inspired yourself
as you motivate others to do great
things you are optimistic and
forward-looking and this attitude is
contagious so why not make money out of
what is truly your talent
[Music]
if you scored between 170 and 230 points
your true calling is art now if you
think that's too far from the reality of
everyday life note that it's not just
painting writing music or performing on
stage you'd make a great fashion
designer gourmet cook or interior
decorator with your great taste and the
way you strive for perfection you have
every ability to become a trendsetter
with your revolutionary vision of the
world if your total was 240 to 300
points you were born to have your own
business or help develop someone else's
you'd be an excellent business analyst
web developer accountant or corporate
lawyer you are hardworking ambitious and
not afraid to take the risk and full
responsibility even if you fail you'll
work even harder and try again or
develop your own approach you are a born
crisis management and problem fixer
you're flexible logic and love for
numbers and details will take you far in
life so what job is your calling do you
agree with your result tell us in the
comments below don't forget to give us a
like and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]
[Applause]